okay I'll give you everyone
you
all right so here the ingredients for
the soup which is the most important
part of ramen and these are all you need
soy sauce garlic powder blade pop and
water by the way most of my subscribers
American but the thing is America
decided not to import wait book anymore
way pop makes it so easy to make
delicious ramen but without this it'll
be kind of difficult and take someone to
make delicious ramen way pop makes
everything taste good and you can get it
pretty much anywhere in Japan but for
those we cannot get wipeout I'll show
you the alternative ingredients this is
a chicken powder from actually I don't
know how to process something like blue
cranky anyway it tastes a little
different but some are close and a lot
of Japanese people in America use this
for weight but instead I'm not sure if
this is exactly the same but I think is
almost the same since it's from the same
company Walmart or other supermarkets
might have one so maybe you don't even
have to go to an Asian supermarket
alright so here the alternative recipe
for soup a teaspoon of soy sauce one and
a half of teaspoon of chicken stock from
you can keep a teaspoon of sesame oil
one and a half of teaspoon of oyster
sauce a teaspoon of garlic powder a
pinch of salt and sugar and water
but simply look like this
first put all the ingredients in the pot
and heat it up
when the ingredients complete Mel you're
done with the soup
now for the noodles it usually says on
the packet how long you should blow it
this one is about two to two and a half
minutes for the soup in a bowl
when the noodles are done get rid of the
water and put them in a bowl
and put anything you like on it I use a
couple slices of roast pork a boiled egg
green Audion chili pepper and Modi
Plus
I like to yell out who my which means
delicious that's kind of a guy do you
think people don't usually do that but
if you're a guys and you can do that
because people figure you don't know
what you're doing the littler pin you
yell do my really loud you go hmm now we
actually eating ramen in Japan what
easier to slip up this gochisousama
deshita what's this I'm gonna stop